Clean up the docs to call out that DOTNETHOME is no longer supported (#34717)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/windows.md

The [download page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet) for .NET provides Windows Installer executables.

> With the release of arm64 support in 2021 November releases of .NET 3.1 and newer, custom msi install locations on Windows are no longer allowed and the `DOTNETHOME` environment variables are no longer supported. To install to a custom location, use the [dotnet-install scripts](../tools/dotnet-install-script.md).

Reviewer: I think this could be clearer and simpler without "prior knowledge" nor calling out other versions.
```suggestion
> [IMPORTANT]
> Starting in November 2021, you can't change the installation path of .NET with the Windows Installer package. To install .NET to a different path, use the [dotnet-install scripts](../tools/dotnet-install-script.md).
```
